---
layout: post
title: Welcome to my blog!
---
##Week 1
During the first week, I met with my mentor to discuss the project I will be working on and my tasks for the week. I met with other team members who are working on the project to discuss the current status of the project, as well as get acquainted with the project. It has been running for a while, so there is a lot to catch up on. Because the project uses some programming languages and technologies I haven't had much experience in such as Python and Django, I spent the rest of the week learning them. I also spent some time reading HCI research papers, to get acquainted with the work of the lab and the project I'm working on. 

---
##Week 2
My mentor is away at a conference this week, so no meeting with her, but I still continued the weekly check-in meeting with the rest of the team. I think I have a good hang of where the project is at at this point, but meeting with the team members still helped a lot. I finished learning some core Python concepts and I have started embarking on the Django journey! My goal is to follow tutorials to make a blog web app with core features such as log in, log out, posting, etc. in order to get familiar with Django as well as the backend of web apps. During our last meeting, my mentor explained to me her vision of the larger project that this project will be a part of, which is to design online platforms to encourage playful caring acts, so I also did some literature reviews on the topic.

---
##Week 3
Continuing with Django and literature reviews! I found some pretty cool stuff so I'm excited to show them to my mentor. 

---
##Week 4
Making good progress with Django. Right now, the project is kind of at a standstill because we are figuring out how to deploy the web on AWS. However, some other team members and I are continuing with other tasks such as designing the web interface. I'm starting to brainstorm what I want to be on the final report, since this is a part of a larger project and not a standalone research. 


